.TH TUIPER 1
.SH NAME
tuiper \- terminal typing trainer with mode and duration selection
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tuiper
[\fB\-config\fR \fIfile\fR]
[\fB\-man\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B tuiper
is a terminal UI typing trainer with:
.IP \(bu 2
normal typing mode
.IP \(bu 2
special character practice mode
.IP \(bu 2
quote practice mode (remote API with fallback)
.IP \(bu 2
code practice mode (remote API or plain-text endpoint with fallback)
.IP \(bu 2
in-app duration selection
.IP \(bu 2
JSON configuration overrides
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-config \fIfile\fR
Path to JSON config file.
Default is
.I ~/.config/tuiper/config.json
on Linux/macOS.
.TP
.B \-man
Print this man page content to stdout and exit.
.TP
.B \-h, \-help
Show help output and exit.
.SH CONFIG FILE
If the config file exists, these keys are supported:
.TP
.B normal_words
Array of words for normal mode prompts.
.TP
.B special_char_words
Array of symbol-heavy tokens for special character practice.
.TP
.B durations
Array of durations for the in-app duration menu, e.g.
.I ["15s","30s","1m","2m"].
.TP
.B prompt_word_count
Number of tokens per generated prompt.
.TP
.B quote_endpoint
HTTP endpoint used by quote mode (default: Quotable random quote API).
.TP
.B go_example_endpoint
HTTP endpoint used by code practice mode.
Accepts JSON with one of
.I content/code/text
or plain text response.
.TP
.B go_examples
Local fallback snippets for code practice mode.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run with default config path:
.B tuiper
.TP
Run with explicit config:
.B tuiper \-config ./tuiper.json
.TP
Print the man page:
.B tuiper \-man
.TP
Run with explicit local-only code examples:
.B tuiper \-config ~/.config/tuiper/config.json
.SH KEYS
.IP \(bu 2
Splash: Enter continues, Ctrl+C quits
.IP \(bu 2
Mode/Duration menus: arrow keys or numeric quick-pick, Enter confirms
.IP \(bu 2
Typing: Backspace deletes one character, Ctrl+C quits
.IP \(bu 2
Quote and code practice modes auto-load next prompt after completion
